right so basically I need some help with
GarageBand and on my Mac if I just open
a new song project they see the problem
I have is when I'm recording with my
electric guitar I'm getting a load of
feedback through the speaker's like
cannot tell why I'll just show you what
happens here I just put my guitar it if
we go down to guitars and distort the
channel we'll turn the monitor on and
you see can't tell why
it's quite a strain
we just want to play
hey listen so you get it's not the cable
leaving us regular Jeff with the
microphone in the back of the neck
as you can see human guitars not much
when there's nothing to look at it so
still doesn't quite add to my
preferences you see that right here a
lot of my settings set up as they should
be
that's there again although it's the
Apple settings simply sound the game I'm
not using the built-in microphone no
reason why you should be doing that race
if anyone could tell me why and how to
fix it I'll be very grateful
you see you tend the monitor off right
away
that's the same thing if you use
headphones as well so the reason I know
it's not the cable is because I Ronald a
city on another computer and it doesn't
do it at all
so if anyone's got any suggestions and
what I can do that would be most
appreciated just to say again plug this
in the back of the van
I get into the guitar 10 micron and
there's the noise again and see because
the cord
then again you might want to turn the
motor off for playback as you can see
everything up as you might expect so
again any suggestions help feedback
whatever I'd be really grateful